woo this is the light base 900 and it's
accompanying 600 and if you've noticed
it has a bit of a party trick which
sponsored by be quiet today we're going
to check out as you can see horizontal
Mount this right off the bat I don't
know why more people haven't done this
because it makes perfect sense every
computer case on the bloody planet has a
blank back panel let me just put the
thing on its side right but it goes so
much deeper because watch this I want to
put it back up top I can do that pop the
feet out they just twist out like this
easy now watch
this that's a big
girl it's inverted at least to a normal
PC case and then watch
this standard layout it's honestly kind
of brilliant the design if you think
about it it's it might seem a little
confusing at first you've probably seen
cases that have functionality like this
even from be quiet themselves but those
designs required taking out like 40
screws and moving the whole motherboard
tray around flipping everything around
they just made the case symmetrical top
and bottom so that all you need to move
is the feet and you can invert or lay
this case horizontally from whatever
configuration you had before in a matter
of like 30 seconds I just showed you how
it's literally that easy they told me if
if you turn it on and off oh look at
that hey there's like a little orange
animation because be quiet that's their
brand color very cool this is the 900
the full fat full siize version it
supports ehx motherboards it comes with
four fans it's got this super sick RGB
bar that runs like I said before top and
bottom all the way around it's a
dressable RGB you can control it with
the integrated fan controller and RGB
controller or if you have a motherboard
in it which this one obviously not right
now you can hold the button and it'll
revert to a motherboard control mode
which as you can see right now has
nothing so if you hold it down for a few
seconds again it goes back into the
manual control this very nicely
integrated I like USB type-c 20 gig two
type a 5 gig ports combo audio a reset
button which is something we're not
seeing so much these days but they
wanted it to be symmetrical and a big
old power button but the keyy among you
might have noticed something a little
bit interesting about those fans I
mentioned earlier huh they have reverse
blades which solves a problem on pretty
much all of those fancy crazy PC builds
with like a bajillion RGB fans you might
have noticed that to get the nice look
they have to be oriented all blowing out
which is not good for cooling and really
not good for dust be quiet has solved
that problem these fans blow this way
even though they look like they blow
this way because the blades are reversed
that way you can have the nice look of
the front of the fan and have your airf
flow pattern actually make sense now I
have asked them they're not optimized
for static pressure and they are
technically a tiny bit lower air flow
but as just case airflow fans they still
work great and the biggest concern for
them was making sure the noise was low
as you can probably guess by be quiet's
name they don't like loud computers and
it looks like they've achieved that I
mean this is the about the loudest
possible environment I could be in but I
don't hear the fans at all and they look
great let me show you what that looks
like see fans everywhere and holy
there's actually air moving through the
bloody case it's brilliant naturally if
you want to run an AIO in a system like
this like so many people do they look
pretty you're going to want to run their
normal lightwing fans which actually
have good static pressure like these
ones up here and you might have noticed
this is a new aiio as well their current
models have the pump up in the tubes
this one they've moved it into the Hub
here it integrates the offset mount for
ryzen CPUs to get a few degrees off
there and just looks nice and clean it's
all addressable RGB this is what your
computer could look like it's kind of
cool actually with the vertical GPU
Mount it's actually kind of sick upside
down it's actually super easy to do the
vertical Mount you basically just take
this entire piece here unscrew it and
spin it it doesn't take any weird
adapters or anything like that at least
on the 900 but there is also the 600 the
600 over here is basically the same case
but just a little bit smaller while
still maintaining most of the
compatibility it goes from eatx to ATX
so tiny bit smaller motherboard or they
said they could probably fit an eatx
board in there it's got big AIO support
the same front IO but with a little bit
more affordable fans they're lightwing
lxs but still four of them and these are
also the reverse orientation like the
other ones we showed you before it also
can do a vertical GPU Mount it's a tiny
bit different process but kind of just
involves rotating the thing it also can
fit big
aaos it it kind of can fit whatever you
want in either of them I'm going to show
you the rear chamber in a second but you
can see the little covers it comes with
if you're not using this side you can
throw these in here just to make it look
a little cleaner on the top they
actually made them like stealthy you
almost can't even see the spots that it
notches into FK oopsies big old fan
filter across the whole rear panel in
the back you can see the astronomical
amount of cable management space as you
get with a dual chamber case we got a
power supply Mount here they actually
integrated these two little mounts here
to give your power supply a little bit
more support even though it does have
screws on the back like any other power
supply Mount both of them come with two
fan hubs with full support for
addressable RGB so you only have to plug
one thing into your motherboard and the
rest of it runs off of that it's much
easier to Cable manage they have two 2.5
in SSD mounts on the little Cable
Management cover and you can mount a 3.5
in hard drive if you'd like up here you
can also expand this to two 3.5 in hard
drives or 4 2 and 1/2 in with an
optional bracket you can see there's our
airflow and our fancy fans that blow the
correct orientation this is the intake
side oh I you actually see how the
little fan strips connect I like that
it's accessible because if you wanted to
replace one serviceable it's not all
like glued down and impossible to get it
you can just unplug it right
there nice oh I almost forgot did you
notice how this motherboard has no
cables it's a back to front or reverse
CA motherboard which these cases holy
support
see look at all the on the back if
you're not into AO coolers be quiet of
course has a massive selection of air
coolers and they all fit even in the 600
you can see this guy right here their
biggest air cooler fits quite nicely I
believe it's 170 mil CPU Cooler
clearance on the 600 and something like
180 or 185 on the 900 and of course you
can fit ginormous graphics cards like
the rear of a computer case it's not
really any different despite the ability
to invert it and you can see the
Symmetry right here
which is what enables that
functionality this could end up a little
bit different if you're doing a vertical
Mount you just kind of flip this
doohickey around but other than that
basically the same power supply
motherboard the included exhaust fan
they're also going to be selling both
cases without fans if you want to save a
buck or use your own weird fan
configuration maybe you have your own
already they're targeting around $230
for the 900 with all four lightwing
fancy fans and for the 600 closer to
around 180 190 bucks with all the fans
if you don't want fans to duct around 30
50 bucks then you're pretty much there
regardless of whatever configuration
you're going for air cooled AIO high
power low power be quiet has some
products for you so check them out at
the link down in the description and
thanks again for sponsoring this video
of compex 2024 get subscribed like the
video buy a power supply or a case or an
AIO bye